we're awful quiet in there babe I
checked in this morning with my Wyatt
while I was in the shower she got the
room and she hasn't come back she left
with the men who had called her he had
his own room her he could have had it
done like this
- I just - do exactly I want you to find
my wife no one will believe him I hope
you know what you're doing dr. Walker
and only one person in Paris can help
him she's about to lead him you would
get your wife and you get my money and
everybody would be at into a world as
mysterious as she is stop lying to me
now
what began as a holiday in Paris became
a journey into suspense Harrison Ford in
a Roman Polanski film
frantic